Undergraduate studies
Academic Calendar
0 results available
Home
About the Undergraduate Studies Academic Calendar
Studying at Waterloo
Important Dates & Deadlines
Programs & Plans
Regulations
Courses
Addenda
printPrint this page
arrow_back
Back
International Development Minor
International Development Minor
Special Notice

The School of Environment, Enterprise, and Development is undertaking a comprehensive review of the International Development Minor undergraduate plan. As a result, there is a pause on declaring this plan as an additional credential. Students currently in this plan should contact the academic advisor for guidance on completion of this minor.

Student Audience
This credential is open to students enrolled in any degree program. 
Minimum Average(s) Required
A minimum cumulative minor average of 65.0%.
Graduation Requirements
Complete a total of 4.0 units.
Complete the Community Service Experience Requirement.
Community Service Experience Requirement

The International Development Minor requires the completion of a pre-approved community service experience or educational seminar focused on community development issues of at least three weeks duration in Canada or internationally. This requirement must be organized by the student with support and pre-approval from the Manager of International Work Placements and is to be completed at the student's own expense. Co-op work terms that meet the above description will normally fulfil this requirement.

Course Requirements
Required Courses
4
Units to Complete
keyboard_arrow_up
Complete all of the following
Complete all the following: 
ERS215 - Environmental and Sustainability Assessment 1 (0.50)
GEOG101 - Human Geographies: People, Space and Change (0.50)
GEOG203 - Environment and Development in a Global Perspective (0.50)
INDEV100 - Introduction to International Development (0.50)
INDEV101 - Issues in International Development (0.50)
INDEV200 - The Political Economy of Development (0.50)
INDEV300 - Culture and Ethics (0.50)
Complete 1 of the following: 
INDEV302 - Development Agents (0.50)
INDEV308 - Introduction to Social Entrepreneurship (0.50)
Grand Total Units: 4
Notes
See list of academic advisors.
Offered by Faculty(ies)
Faculty of Environment
file_upload
